Filter (#167)
codles/EEG.jl: docs/src/usage/filter.md

# Filtering

Filtering in `Neuroimaging.jl` is performed using the `DSP.jl` backend.

There are two main ways to use the filter function:
1) Modality specific filter
2) Custom defined filter

Let's load some data and apply the filter

```@example filter
using DisplayAs # hide
using Neuroimaging, DataDeps, StatsBase

data_path = joinpath(
    datadep"ExampleSSR",
    "Neuroimaging.jl-example-data-master",
    "neuroimaingSSR.bdf",
)

s = read_EEG(data_path)
s.data = s.data .- StatsBase.mean(s.data,dims=1) # remove DC offset for better plotting
```

## 1) Modality specific filter
We offer high and lowpass filter with reasonable defaults for each modality (e.g. `GeneralEEG` a FIR filter,`SSR` a filtfilt Butterworth)

```@example filter

> s_hp = filter_highpass(s,2)
> s_lp = filter_lowpass(s,5) # extreme value to show LP effect in plot

Reviewer: Please use Unitful units everywhere. I am sorry this hasn't been sufficiently documented, but its something I want to include for all higher order functions.
```suggestion
s_hp = filter_highpass(s, 2u"Hz")
s_lp = filter_lowpass(s, 5u"Hz") # extreme value to show LP effect in plot
```

Author: makes a lot of sense, I was struggling to get rid of the unit for DSP, but `samplingrate(Float64,eeg)` does it. I might write a short doc on accessing data/info

Reviewer: Already done. But feel free to improve it

https://rob-luke.github.io/Neuroimaging.jl/dev/usage/access/

> plot(s.data[:,1],label="raw")

Reviewer: Don't index data directly (see comment below). Or to plot just a single channel use the `keep_channel!` function

plot!(s_hp.data[:,1],label="highpass")

> plot!(s_lp.data[:,1],label="lowpass")

Reviewer: Don't access fields directly. if you want access to the data field then write a function called `data(s)` (on my todo list anyway). See sampling rate example below.

Can you use the existing plotting functions? E.g. https://rob-luke.github.io/Neuroimaging.jl/dev/assr/examples/#Visualise-processed-continuous-data They are pretty outdated, we may need to update them. They definitely need to be renamed to something standard like plot and plot! If they dont meet you needs, can you raise an issue with dot points as to what needs to be added?

Reviewer: I try to be helpful. See #169

```

You can also use a bandpass `filter_bandpass`, which first applys a lowpass and then a highpass. Because data are filtered twice, this takes twice as much time. If you need the speed, we recommend creating your own bandpass and then apply a custom defined filter for now.

## 2) Custom defined filter
Sometimes you want full control over your filter. This can be achieved by defining the filter yourself and leveraging the full power of `DSP.jl`
```@example filter
using DSP

> responsetype =  Highpass(3,fs=s.fs)

Reviewer: Never access fields directly. Use the function `samplingrate(s)`, or probably what you want is `samplingrate(Float64, s)`

https://github.com/rob-luke/Neuroimaging.jl/blob/baeacc5be1d6cfb080aa57f66c28ea4ef6d603b4/src/types/EEG/EEG.jl#L65-L66

designmethod =  Butterworth(6)

#filtfilt needs to be `true` to compensate for non-linear phase response of butterworth

> s_custom = filter(s,responsetype,designmethod,filtfilt=true) 

Reviewer: I think the user should just pass the filter object. So it should be 
```suggestion
fobj = digitalfilter(responsetype,designmethod)
s_custom = filter(s, fobj, filtfilt = true) 
```

plot(s.data[:,1],label="raw")
plot!(s_custom.data[:,1],label="custom highpass")
```

## References

> Filtering for `GeneralEEG` follows the recommendations of Widmann et al 2014, as implement in the firfilt-eeglab plugin and MNE-Python.

Reviewer: Not suggesting we change anything here. But moving forward, I dont want the GeneralEEG type to become an ERP type. As in my other comment, it may be appropriate for us to create a ERP type for you?

Author: I think the filter settings are reasonable for many analyses not only ERP.

I think an ERP type would intuitively be the epoched version of continuous EEG? I guess the Q is a bit, what other analyses need (default) filtering, but are not ERPs. Microstates maybe, ICA, sleep EEG will have their own filters,

Reviewer: Filtering sure, but I'm thinking about custom plots, reasonable epoching defaults for different types. I think there are many subtle analysis differences for the different types.

Steady state responses seem to use different filters to erp. So I think that demonstrates ERP is not the entirety of eeg (it's also epoched). Also resting state etc. 

We can just inherit from the EEG type, so it's little to no work. We could even then have sub types like P200 which have really specific defaults for specific potentials.

I'm leaving pretty heavily towards this. So unless you have a strong argument against it then I'll probably implement it.

Reviewer: I've added a transient response type in #172. Don't worry about it for this PR, but hopefully it will be helpful in the future for adding ERP specific plotting, defaults, etc.
